Create ui-c8y-1022-20-2-corrected-expiration-highlight-rules-for-non-ca-trusted-certificates-9747-graft.md (#3645)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1022-20-2-corrected-expiration-highlight-rules-for-non-ca-trusted-certificates-9747-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: Adjusted expiration highlight rules for non-CA trusted certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Adjusted expiration warning highlighting for non-CA trusted certificates
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64423
version: 1022.20.2
---

> Previously, the Trusted certificates page applied the same expiration warning highlighting rules for both CA and non-CA certificates. However, CA and non-CA certificates have different validity periods. With this change, non-CA certificates will now start being highlighted with a warning only when they are less than 90 days away from expiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the **Trusted certificates** page applied the same expiration warning rules for both CA (Certificate Authority) and non-CA certificates. However, CA and non-CA certificates have different validity periods. With this change, non-CA certificates will now start being highlighted with a warning only when they are less than 90 days away from expiration.
```
